hi I'm Brad a thorn we're all here on
Mille Lacs today this Lake draws
thousands and thousands of anglers a
year and for good reason it's got all
the key ingredients right now we're
about a week into the season even though
our spawning took place here about two
two-and-a-half weeks ago we still have a
few males up in the shallows but for the
most part most of the fish have moved
out into the secondary structure areas
that's gonna be your rock bars and ten
to twelve foot of water it's gonna be
your first break up on the north end
sand these are the areas to start
looking for fish now on a bluebird day
like this what I'm keying in on are
definite transitions whether that be
from sand or rock gravelled a big chunk
rock any place where those walleyes can
lay and hide and ambush prey that's what
I'm looking for one of my favorite ways
to fish transitions is with the Lindy
rig I can feel exactly where I'm at
the bigger trunk run
you got the smaller gravel